Draft v12 breaking changes (#681)
directus/docs: content/configuration/1.general.md

| `GRAPHQL_SCHEMA_GENERATION_MAX_CONCURRENT` | How many GraphQL schemas can be generated simultaneously.                                                                                                           | `5`                          |
| `ROBOTS_TXT`                               | What the `/robots.txt` endpoint should return.                                                                                                                      | `User-agent: *\nDisallow: /` |
| `TEMP_PATH`                                | Where Directus' temporary files should be managed.                                                                                                                  | `./node_modules/.directus`   |

> | `ACCEPT_TERMS`                             | Confirm acknowledgement of the [Monospace Sustainable Core License](https://directus.io/MSCL).                       | `false`                      |

Reviewer: I dont think this variable is used anymore we can probably deprecate or remove it

Author: Removed

| `PROJECT_OWNER`                            | Registered owner and primary contact responsible for your Directus instance.   |                              |

## License

See [Licensing](/licensing/overview) for a full explanation of license keys, license tokens and source precedence.

| Variable        | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Default Value |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| `LICENSE_KEY`   | License key in the format `DXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXC`. Activated against the Directus licensing service on first use and revalidated periodically. Takes precedence over `LICENSE_TOKEN` and any key set through the Studio.            |               |

> | `LICENSE_TOKEN` | Pre-issued license token for offline use. Validated locally on each startup and never contacts the licensing service. Mutually exclusive with `LICENSE_KEY` — setting both is a configuration error and Directus will refuse to start. |               |

Reviewer: The offline usecase is the exception here we probably shouldnt lead with it in the explanation

Author: We are leading with `LICENSE_KEY` ? rather than the token (offline), so I think it's correct unless I misunderstood

Reviewer: I meant the license_token but that itself is only used for offline, my bad

::callout{icon="material-symbols:info-outline"}

> When `LICENSE_KEY` or `LICENSE_TOKEN` is set in the environment, the Studio license editor is read-only. To change the license, update the environment variable and restart Directus.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When `LICENSE_KEY` or `LICENSE_TOKEN` is set in the environment, any license key management actions are disabled. To change the license, update the environment variable and restart Directus.
```
